add roles for fgac phase2 pre-ga release (#17047)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/authorization.md

## Organization user roles

When a user is first added to an organization, they are granted the default role, **Org Member**, which grants no permissions and only indicates membership in the organization. Org or Cluster Administrators may edit the roles assigned to organization users in the {{ site.data.products.db }} console's **Access Management** page, or using the {{ site.data.products.db }} API / Terraform Provider.

> To learn more, refer to [Manage organization users](managing-access.html#manage-an-organizations-users)

Reviewer: Nit: add a period at the end of the link text here.

The following roles may be granted to {{ site.data.products.db }} organization users within a specific organization:

### Org Administrator (legacy)

> Org Administrators can manage the organization and its members, clusters, and configuration. This role grants the user permissions to perform all critical functions managing a {{ site.data.products.db }} organization:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Org Administrator (legacy) can manage the organization and its members, clusters, and configuration. This role grants the user permissions to perform all critical functions managing a {{ site.data.products.db }} organization:
```

- [Create or delete a cluster](create-your-cluster.html)

> - [Invite Team Members to the organization](managing-access.html#invite-team-members-to-an-organization)

Reviewer: Total nit: "Invite team members..." (lowercase to match title on linked page)

- [Manage an organization's users and their roles](managing-access.html#manage-an-organizations-users)
- [Create and manage SQL users](managing-access.html#create-a-sql-user)
- [Manage billing for the organization](billing-management.html)
- [Restore databases and tables from a {{ site.data.products.db }} backup](use-managed-service-backups.html#ways-to-restore-data)
- [Delete an organization](managing-access.html#delete-an-organization)

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}
This role will be deprecated in favor of the following more fine-grained roles once the latter are [generally available (GA)](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/cockroachdb-feature-availability.html), which, in combination, cover the same permissions:

- [Org Administrator](#org-administrator)
- [Cluster Administrator](#cluster-administrator)
- [Billing Coordinator](#billing-coordinator)
{{site.data.alerts.end}}
  
### Org Developer (legacy)

> Org Developers can read high-level information for all clusters, and monitor all clusters using DB Console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Org Developer (legacy) can read high-level information for all clusters, and monitor all clusters using DB Console.
```

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

> This role will be deprecated in favor of more fine-grained roles introduced below, once the latter are [generally available (GA)](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/cockroachdb-feature-availability.html)

Reviewer: Nit: period to end of sentence here.

- [Create service accounts](managing-access.html#create-a-service-account).
- Grant and revoke roles for both [users](managing-access.html#manage-an-organizations-users) and [service accounts](managing-access.html#manage-service-accounts).

This role replaces the [Org Administrator (legacy)](#org-administrator-legacy) role, which will be considered deprecated when fine-grained access roles are [generally available (GA)](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/cockroachdb-feature-availability.html).

### Billing Coordinator

Users with this role in an organization can [manage billing for that organization](billing-management.html) through the {{ site.data.products.db }} console billing page at [`https://cockroachlabs.cloud/billing/overview`](https://cockroachlabs.cloud/billing/overview).

Note that billing can also be managed by the [Org Administrator (legacy) role](#org-administrator-legacy).

### Cluster Operator

This role can be granted for one or more specific clusters, or for all clusters in the organization. It allows users and service accounts to perform a variety of cluster functions:

- *Users* with this role can perform the following *console operations*:

> 	- View a cluster's [Overview page](cluster-overview-page.html), which displays its configuration, attributes and statistics, including cloud provider, region topography, and available and maximum storage and request units.

Reviewer: Nit: some of these points in the list are missing periods.

	- Manage a cluster's databases from the [Databases Page](databases-page.html).
	- [Scale a cluster's nodes](cluster-management.html#scale-your-cluster)
	- View and configure a cluster's authorized networks from the [Networking Page](network-authorization.html).
	- View backups in a cluster's [Backups Page](use-managed-service-backups.html#backups-page)

> 	- [Restore a cluster](use-managed-service-backups.html#restore-a-cluster) to a backup state.

Reviewer: Maybe: "Restore a cluster from a backup."

	- View a cluster's Insights from the [Insights page](insights-page.html)
	- [Upgrade](upgrade-to-v23.1.html#step-5-start-the-upgrade) a cluster's CRDB version.
	- View a cluster's [PCI-readiness status (Dedicated Advanced clusters only)](cluster-overview-page.html?filters=dedicated#pci-ready-dedicated-advanced).
	- Send a test alert from the [alert's page](alerts-page.html).
	- Configure single sign-on (SSO) enforcement.

- *Service accounts* with this role can perform the following *API operations*:

	- [Read a cluster summary](cloud-api.html#get-information-about-a-specific-cluster).
	- [Manage Customer-Managed Encryption Keys (CMEK) for Dedicated Clusters](managing-cmek.html)
	- [Export a cluster's logs](export-logs.html).
	- [Export a cluster's metrics](export-metrics.html).
	- [View and configure a cluster's Egress Rules](egress-perimeter-controls.html).
	- [Configure the export of metrics to DataDog or AWS CloudWatch](export-metrics.html).

This role can be considered a more restricted alternative to [Cluster Administrator](#cluster-administrator), as it grants all of the permissions of that role, except that it does **not** allow users to:

> - Managing cluster-scoped roles on organization users.

Reviewer: It sounds from the sentence prior to the list here, that you should drop the gerund, so just have: 

does not allow users to....

- Manage cluster-scoped roles..
- Manage SQL users...
- Create or delete...

- Managing SQL users from the cloud console.
- Creating or deleting a cluster.

### Cluster Administrator

Cluster Administrators can perform all of the [Cluster Operator actions](#cluster-operator), as well as:

- [Provision SQL users for a cluster using the console](managing-access.html#create-a-sql-user).
- [Create Service Accounts](managing-access.html#change-a-team-members-role).

> - Edit cluster-scope role assignments (specifically, the Cluster Administrator, Cluster Operator, and Cluster Developer roles) on [users](managing-access.html#change-a-team-members-role) , and [service accounts](managing-access.html#edit-roles-on-a-service-account).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Edit cluster-scope role assignments (specifically, the Cluster Administrator, Cluster Operator, and Cluster Developer roles) on [users](managing-access.html#change-a-team-members-role), and [service accounts](managing-access.html#edit-roles-on-a-service-account).
```

### Cluster Creator

Cluster Creators can create clusters in an organization. A cluster's creator is automatically granted the [Cluster Administrator](#cluster-administrator) role for that cluster upon creation.

### Cluster Developer

Users with this role can view cluster details, allowing them to [export a connection string from the cluster page UI](authentication.html#the-connection-string), although they will still need a Cluster Administrator to [provision their SQL credentials](managing-access.html#manage-sql-users-on-a-cluster) for the cluster.

This role can be granted for specific clusters or for all clusters in the organization.

## Service accounts

Service accounts authenticate with API keys to the {{ site.data.products.db }} API, rather than to the {{ site.data.products.db }} Console UI.

Service accounts operate under a unified authorization model with organization users, and can be assigned all of the same [organization roles](#organization-user-roles) as users, but note that some actions are available in the console but not the API, or vice versa (For example, in the [Cluster Operator Role](#cluster-operator))

> *Legacy service accounts* that were created before the updated authorization model was enabled for your cloud organization may have roles assigned under the *legacy model*: (ADMIN, CREATE, EDIT, READ, DELETE).  Legacy service accounts will be considered deprecated one fine-grained access roles are [generally available (GA)](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/cockroachdb-feature-availability.html). You should replace legacy service accounts with fine-grained access roles, and grant only the required access, according to the [principle of least privilege](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_least_privilege).

Reviewer: Typo: "one fine-grained..." --> "once fine-grained"

Reviewer 2: Maybe "replace" -> "update" ??
